---
title: "Cafe Hwasan"
publishDate: 2026-01-28
tags: ["Journal", "MIT", "Digital Minimalism", "Reflection"]
---

Today was pretty uneventful. Same schedule of wakeup work, scroll occassionly, eat, work. I want to break the habit of scrolling in between loading times or in boring meetings that I really shouldn't be at. After work I went to Cafe Hwasan in Plano with my girlfriend and some friends. It was nice to be surrounded by people also doing their own work while I studied for my masters. After I did ~90% of the unit, I read. It was quite pleasant and I learned about the cost of distractions and the benefits of solitude. These are things I want to implement more into my daily life. I will be adding a screen time tracker to the stats below in order to (hopefully) decrease it.

Solitude is incredibly important as it lets you think for yourself in the absence of other brains. I was reading digital minimalism by Cal Newport and he expressed his concern with how easy it is to obtain dopamine and I find myself falling into this cycle of anytime I am the slightest bit bored, I instantly grab my phone. I wrote a blog about reducing screen time and my screen time has gone down since then, but it is still unimaginably high.

I think about all the things I may potentially be missing out on, my thoughts, developing as a person, nurturing relationships and friends. These are all things that are important to me that don't give me instant gratification, but are beneficial in the long term. I think I will start implementing some solitude time into my daily life. 

I usually try to justify my time on my phone as 'learning' but I can never remember what even 3 videos looked like before. I must be better. 

I also saw a video of someone wearing glasses that canceled out 24hz screens in downtown chicago and it looked so peaceful, we really are surrounded by, and constantly fed ads. These companies need our attention and I want to start reclaiming it.

---

mood: 4/5

wake: 8:30
sleep: 1030

st: 10h 48m

meals:
* breakfast: leftover cinnamon roll and greek yogurt
* lunch: bulgogi udon
* dinner: jollibee (they brought back the korean bbq flavor, i fell for the marketing)

til:
* how to sync my obsidian to my homelab, implemntation will happen this weekend
* the importance of solitude
* i really enjoy reading

grateful for: my friends, doppios, p-values
