---
title: "Drink Water"
publishDate: 2026-01-29
tags: ["Journal", "Reflection"]
---

Found out my code works much better for the client, turns out their current system misses an entire semester so that was good to present to my manager. I am pretty excited about work nowadays, it is definitely more exited than it previously was when I started. Now that I know what I am doing, I can find the fun in it, instead of eternally struggling. I have a client meeting tomorrow to go over my work so we'll see how that goes. Unfortuantely, I will remain doing work for this client doing maintence work for them instead of building my own things on an implementation project for I don't know how long. I am applying to other jobs so we'll see how that goes. I would like to find work in either New York or Chicago but only time will tell.

Things are feeling quite tumultuous at the moment. I have no idea what I am going to do in the future. Part of me really wants to move back to Austin and see my family and live with them and live a more peaceful quiet life. I would work and study and workout quite hard at my old gym with my coach and that sounds like a great life. I would want to lock in very hard to my nutrition like I used to be. I feel like there are a lot of distractions in my life like my screen, and other things that I will not get into here and be publishing online haha. However, this does tell me I need to do some reflection on what I really want and how to achieve those goals. 

Goal of reducing screen time is going well, I went from 10h to 5h today, obviously 1 day is not a predictor, but it feels good to know that if I am intentional about something that I can accomplish it. Not watching Youtube at night helped and also not watching youtube on my phone is good. I need to follow my blog post about doing things on the computer a little more closely. 

In better news, I got my iPod dupe from China. It is the [Innioasis Y1](https://www.innioasis.com/products/y1) and I am using a script to get all of my music from Spotify to the Innioasis. Something I want to do this year is be more intentional where my dollars are going, who I am spending them on, supporting causes I believe in, and using more physical media. This is the first step in that process. 

I have started working out again which is good. I used to be so much better about training but I have gotten lazy and distracted, need to tighten my focus. I think this is all for today. Goodnight.

---

mood: 2/5

wake: 8:00
sleep: 1030

st: 5h 0m

meals:
* breakfast: greek yogurt parfait, oatmeal
* lunch: chick-fil-a
* dinner: nothing

til:
* how to 3d model stocks for the website
* how to contribute to open-source projects (more soon)

grateful for: 
* water
* my family
